I had an experience in May of 2001 that put to rest
any skepticism that mankind has been visited
by extraterrestrials throughout our existence.
It was during the Disclosure Project press conference
at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C.
I was behind the scenes and met with several
of the witnesses, including a man named Sgt. Clifford Stone.
While his story was controversial, I was intrigued with him
and what he had to say.
In September of this year, 2008,
I met with Clifford once again at the Bay Area UFO Expo,
and had him share his story on camera.
You see, Clifford's job in the US Army
was to communicate with ETs at UFO crash sites.
(spacey music)
Clifford, you've been in and around the UFO phenomena
for how many years? Over 40 years?
Well over 40 years.
Actually going on,
it's over 50 years.
And because this started for you very young,
I want to ask a big question first,
and then go back into your roots in this area,
because your story's unique.
I heard your presentation a little while ago,
and it was talking about why the Congress
of the United States has not yet
seriously taken on
the subject of extraterrestrial possibilities,
UFO technologies, and so forth, and come clean with this
with the public.
Can you give us an overview of why
this is still being covered up and stagnated as it is
all these years later?
Well, ma'am, some of the people in Congress
already know that we do have visitors here.
However, it's politically sensitive.
The US government wants to go ahead and keep a low key
on anything that may have advanced technology involved
just so they will have
the advanced technology
above and beyond those of other countries.
Also, we are not certain how people are gonna react
once we tell them that there is other living beings
out there in space, and they are already coming here.
Everybody says that we can deal with it,
but we aren't sure of that.
Now, given that we want to keep a lot of things secret
in the interest of giving us a militarily,
technologically edge in any future wars,
that's not justification to keep this information
under wraps.
I know of cases where people have killed themselves,
lost their families, lost their jobs,
and we're wrong in doing that.
Yes, we are wrong in doing that.
I would agree with you.
So that's the reason I feel the truth has to come,
but it has to be done responsibly.
Now, that said, first of all,
you have one of the largest archives of original documents
and copied documents both on the subject of UFOs and ET.
Yes, ma'am.
Not just technologies,
but, shall we say, visitations and so forth.
So you have quite a lot to draw on on a personal level.
Now, one of the areas
that was mentioned by one of your colleagues yesterday,
by Bob Dean, was that
the scramble for bucks in Congress,
the whole budgetary issue, really seems to be at the crux
of why a lot of this information hasn't been released,
with one committee struggling to get dollars
for their particular agenda, and another for another.
And this is such a controversial topic
that no one wants to jeopardize their budgets
to pursue anything in earnest here.
Is that your take on it too?
Oh, yes, ma'am.
Man is greedy. Man will go ahead and put dollars
ahead of common sense.
Common sense dictates that if there's a phenomena
out there that is gonna have an impact
on all world life,
on the world itself, then we should put those dollars
in trying to investigate and understand what's going on.
A lot of times, within the UFO field,
people will bring messages of doom and gloom.
This scares people,
and it's the wrong thing to do.
What I want to do is breathe
a breath of fresh air into the subject.
What I want my message to be is,
of hope and prosperity,
and a brighter future.
And I don't think we have anything to fear
from open contact.
The only thing we have to fear is ourselves.
One argument there is that,
if these advanced civilizations who some say have been here
as long as we have, as humans, have always been here
in various places inside the earth,
phased off in frequencies just a tad,
if they wanted to do something of an aggressive nature,
they would've done so long ago.
So on one hand,
they're saying that we've been allowed to continue
to develop relatively in peace.
Then you hear the other side of the agenda, which is,
yes, except certain factions of them have indeed
tried to control us through hidden and subtle means.
Where do you fall in that whole mix?
Well, let's look at it this way.
Not one person's shown me
where there has been open aggression from our visitors.
In each and every case where there has been aggression,
it's been initiated by our own kind.
The Soviet Union has lost better than three dozen aircraft
trying to shoot UFOs down
just because they were UFOs that violated their airspace.
They knew they were exhibiting advanced technologies.
I also feel that the powers that be knew that they were
not of this world, but they were hoping to shoot it down
regardless of loss of life, in order to acquire
the technology involved.
The other cases, a good one is 1955, Hop--
I can't say it,
Hopkinsville, Kentucky.
A farm family there was confronted by little creatures,
about 3, 3 and a half foot tall.
They immediately got guns and started to shoot at 'em.
That's the American way.
Well, that's the human way.
I know, I know. It's true.
It's very sad.
We respond with fear
at anything that is unknown.
If we have that fear,
then our conduct towards
that of the uknown
has always been with hostility.
What we need to do is get to the point
where we overcome our fear of the unknown,
face it head on, and try to understand,
logically,
why that unknown stimulus is occurring.
For example,
I personally believe, I personally know,
their agenda here is purely scientific.
It's not for world conquest.
Should it be for world conquest,
they could've took us over many millennia ago,
and we would be worshiping them today as gods.
If you were to go face to face with an ET,
they would tell you
that they are not gods, they are as mortal as you and I.
Now, their lifespan is much longer than that of ours,
but here again, we someday will achieve that also.
Now, they're not here to interfere
with our growth.
I don't like the term evolutionary growth
because I believe in God, but if God chose to have us
come about as a result of evolution, so be it.
That doesn't take God out of the equation.
It just explains how God did his handy work.
Science and God goes hand in hand.
On a personal level, which I really don't want to go into,
I was afraid to ask how they felt about God.
Personal tragedy went ahead and made it
to where I did ask.
They were shocked that I never did ask before.
When you say "they," to clarify
who they are.
They being our visitors.
Yes.
I was always afraid to ask.
And when they said, "Why haven't you asked this before?"
I said, "I was afraid to ask
"because I was afraid of the answer I'd get."
It involved the death of my son,
so you know, I thought, "Darn,
"if there's no life after this life, what a terrible joke.
"Life has no purpose."
If you take God out of the equation, life has no purpose.
We're nothing more than ameobas
infecting this rock called planet Earth.
But we're much more than that.
And what was their answer?
Their answer was, "We can't tell you
"what religion is true and correct,
"for religions are made by men,
"even within our own society," meaning theirs.
"All we can do is tell you
"that we accept life after death
"from a scientific perspective,
"because our science has proved it.
"Your science is closely approaching that threshold.
"You will some day learn that which you call God exists.
"But we can't tell you who or what God is."
Now, obviously that set you at ease
and was profound in your life.
You know, I wish I could tell you the rest of the story.
I wish you could too.
Because they arranged for me to see,
forgive me.
They arranged for me to see my son twice.
And that was.
But it gets kind of weird.
Weird's okay.
Maybe we'll continue on a bit,
and then if you feel comfortable enough talking about weird,
we have a very open minded audience watching this.
So shall we? I'll go ahead
and prod you over toward Disclosure a bit,
and then maybe we can come back to this.
Unless you want to take it now. It's your choice, Clifford.
There was one time I went to California.
Forgive me for getting emotional, but I can't help that.
It's your son, of course.
Even to this day,
we go and visit my son's grave.
Every day. If we don't, we feel guilty.
You know? I feel guilty even here,
I haven't visited his grave for three days.
Anyhow, when we got back from California,
we went to visit his grave.
When we went there,
we stayed for a little while, then went ahead,
left, went home.
That night, I couldn't sleep.
And I was calling on my little friend,
the one that I have contact with a lot.
I don't just go and call him up like,
old TV sitcom about it being
My Uncle's a Martian or something like that.
My Favorite Martian, I believe it was.
My Favorite Martian.
He said, "We have arranged for you to see your son.
"What you say on this side of the veil,
"what you say on what you call this side of the veil,
"you'll be able to remember.
"On the other side of the veil, you won't remember nothing."
So it was like I met my son,
some transformation took place.
I can't explain that.
But when it took place, was standing,
I saw my son.
And I went ahead and said,
you know, "I love you,"
and he said, "I love you too, Dad."
And we went through this, like, a dark area,
and that's all I remember 'til we came back through.
When we came back through, he said, "I have to go now."
And I said, "I understand."
And he was telling me not to worry.
And this was a gift?
And what?
In Heaven, you don't just play harps.
Yeah.
But then, he went ahead,
and said he had to go.
I said, "Yeah."
We hugged one another and I said, "I love you, son."
He says, "I love you too, Dad."
Then he went back through the veil.
Then everything was back in the bedroom,
and I was sitting up in bed.
I looked at the clock, it was 3:42.
Then, all of a sudden, there's a strange, like,
a yellow, greenish globe floating into the room.
Then it took on what you'd say is a smiley face
and immediately turned sinister.
Then a real harsh, evil voice came on that said,
"We could kill you."
Then there was a softer voice that said,
"No harm shall come to this person."
Then immediately, that globe, it was like it was melting,
and you could see drops falling to the ground,
but there was nothing there, nothing to hit the ground.
Then the voice said, "Sleep."
For the first time in six, seven months,
I got a good night's sleep, about 12, 14 hours.
When I woke up, I thought I was late for work
'cause I thought it was morning as opposed to being evening.
Clifford, what do you make
of those conflicting voices that came in as well?
Because, it's been known
that you have been able to see, and hear, and experience
into other, shall we say, subdimensional fields
for a long time, this was discovered about you
a long time ago.
What do you make of those two conflicting forces
that were there that night?
I have no idea.
It's haunted me for some time.
I have no answer for that.
Like something tried to make
a little play, and they were basically shut out,
and you were protected.
Oh, I was definitely protected.
So your experience of the visitors has been,
on a personal level, 100 percent positive?
Oh, yes.
As a child,
and I saw them as children.
I didn't see 'em as little grays or anything like that.
The one I was closest to has a greenish tint to its skin.
I wish I could say it was gray.
Everybody says, "Well, if you said gray,
I could believe your story more."
'Cause really, there aren't that many green that show up.
Well, I wish I could say it was gray.
And if I just wanted to make it up, I'd make it gray.
But the whole situation is, how do you change fact?
How do you change your
experience?
Do you want to
know the truth, or do you want a believable story?
I first became aware of your story
through the Disclosure Project, because I was there.
So were you, and that's when I met you,
and that's been about seven years ago now.
I wanna backtrack for just one moment
and then continue down the line we were just on.
The other day, in one of the conferences,
it may have been Bob Dean's again, it was one of them,
they were saying that,
no, John Alexander,
he was saying that the Disclosure Project itself
was so abhorrent to those in the military
and in Congress in the know, that it actually pushed
any kind of disclosure
from the government further back.
What do you know about that?
Is there truth in that?
We actually met with members of Congress.
My friend that you met sat in one congressman's office
where I finally just
expressed myself.
I said, "Look, sir. I've been there.
"I have seen our visitors.
"I have been there when we did recoveries.
"And the whole situation is,
"people know this to be true, the documents exist."
I named the programs for him.
He pulled a file and showed it to us.
Then he said, "Right now, there's nothing I can do.
"It would be political suicide."
He wished us success.
He indicated as, he did there, and a couple others later on,
that they did in fact believe there was something going on.
But they were not willing to jeopardize
their political interest
in order to go ahead and try to get something put forward.
And that's the way it's been throughout the years.
Throughout self interest always winning out
because of fear of ridicule.
Fear of ridicule means fear of losing budgets.
Amazing it's that mundane, but that's a person's livelihood.
We can understand.
Oh, absolutely.
But here again, I'm gonna go ahead.
When you go in the military, you take an oath.
Defend the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic.
Now, for a long time, God forgive me for this,
I actually negated my family.
I wasn't there for a lot of things.
I took that oath seriously.
Now, my kids say there was never a lack of love,
but there was a lot of lack of presence of Dad.
This hit home real good when in,
was 2003, I believe,
we had a daughter in Vietnam,
took us 30 years to get her out.
When she got over here, I wanted to make sure
that she didn't feel like she was just another person
that we had to take care of.
I want her to know that her mother and I loved her,
that we really, truly
wanted to go ahead and get her over here.
That she was part of the family.
Now, you're not supposed to love one child
more than the other, which, it's not the case,
but my daughter and I became real, real close,
as did her children.
I can honestly say, my daughter, my grandkids there,
those are the biggest part of my heart.
When she got here, she wanted to fit in so much.
Even told her kids that,
"You can't ask grandpa to buy you anything."
Well, grandpas wanna buy their grandkids things.
Started off with my little one first,
and I got real close to him.
And I'm his grandpa,
he's not sharing his grandpa with no one.
'Cause you don't want to go through
the mistakes, not even mistakes, the necessity of the past,
to shut out your heart's joy for your career.
And in your career,
you must've had a fairly decent level clearance at one time.
Oh, but you never knew it.
The only way I found out I even had a clearance
is when I got into trouble for talking openly about UFOs.
You didn't know you had a clearance?
I would think that would be quite uncommon.
How can you know
It is quite
uncommon.
not to
(laughs) break those strategic kinds of relationships
if you don't even know you have clearance?
You're always debriefed.
Yes.
But I was always scared.
One time, I proudly announced
I didn't have a security clearance.
But you found out you did have one?
Oh, I did, but I didn't know that.
I went up and said, "This requires a top secret clearance.
"I regret to say, I don't have a top secret clearance.
"You're gonna have to get someone else."
The colonel turned to me and said, "Sgt. Stone,
"you would lay down your life for your country.
"That's all the clearance I need.
"You will do as I ask, you will do as we tell you."
So I didn't get relieved, and I thought for sure,
"Well, I'm going to nail 'em."
Now let's go back to who you are.
Let's go back to your teenage years.
What started there?
Oh, it started long before teenage years.
I know.
Well okay, let's just go a little bit through childhood,
and then talk about some of the events where
you were contacted not by visitors,
but by members of our government by the time
you were in your teenage years.
Well, when I was a child, a lot of things took place.
I had playmates that no one else could see,
and I was told by them, "No one else can see us."
It wouldn't be until I killed a little bird
trying to help him that I'd get to see
what they really looked like.
That was the first time I saw the entity I call Korona
up close and personal.
There was an expression on his face,
one of wonder, I mean,
he didn't understand.
And what he was telling me is,
"Why do I feel what I'm feeling?"
He meant, why do I feel what I'm feeling?
Because he didn't understand why I was feeling
what I was feeling over killing that little bird.
But anything I felt,
my entity felt.
He knew exactly what I was feeling, what I was thinking,
and this is a learning process for him.
But once they attach to you for that learning process,
they are there forever.
They never leave.
So it's a lifelong process.
So yes, I'll tell you right now, it's ongoing,
but I don't pick or choose the time and place.
The end result was, when I first saw my first UFO,
that was in the summer of 1957,
I was soon visited by a person who identified himself
as a Captain Brown.
Where I lived, on the corner of where I lived.
This is in terrestrial form, Captain Brown?
Yes.
Was a real
person?
Was a real person,
United States Air Force.
There was a pharmacy
known as Collin Drug Store.
A book came out, a magazine,
put out by True Magazine,
and it was entitled "Facts about UFOs"
or something like that.
Anyhow, it was just about UFOs.
Well, True Magazine is identified as a men's magazine,
so being about eight years old, they were not gonna sell me
that magazine, so Captain Brown came up behind me
and says, "Oh, you have an interest in UFOs?
"So do I."
So he went ahead and says,
"I'll take two of those magazines."
So he got two of 'em,
and of course I thought the guy was a jerk
for not selling me one, but, you know, fine.
I'll talk to my mom and dad, see if they'll pick me up one.
Anyhow, he asked me if I liked root beer floats.
Up to that time, I figured ice cream was good,
root beer was good, but never in the same glass.
Anyhow, he said, "Well, let's get us two root beer floats,
"and if you don't like it, you don't have to drink it
"or eat it."
So I went ahead, got it,
and I found out I like root beer floats that day.
Anyhow, went ahead, he said,
"Understand you saw something strange here
"a couple days back."
Now how did he know that?
I have no idea.
And I said, "Yes, sir, I did."
But I felt proud, and I had a big head at that time,
'cause I had a captain from the US Air Force
taking me seriously when all this other time, people wasn't.
So I told him what I saw.
Did you tell other people
after you had seen it? Like your family?
Oh, yes.
Yeah, I bet.
Well the whole situation is, you felt like you had
an experience you needed to share with the world.
Up to that time, I didn't believe in UFOs.
And you were how old again?
I was eight years old.
There you go, okay.
UFOs didn't exist, they were things that
were of the sci-fi world.
They weren't reality.
Now I knew everything that I believed,
I had to look at it in a different perspective now.
Fortunately, you were pliable enough
and young enough that it wasn't a big stretch.
Oh, it had an impact.
But I'd seen enough sci-fi movies.
I knew how we could deal with them.
(interviewer laughs)
So now you're talking with,
did you say Colonel Brown?
No, Captain Brown.
But he goes home with me.
My dad's working, he talks to my mom.
Then my dad gets home,
and when my mom and dad are there,
he tells my mom and dad, "Look,
"we believe that your son has seen something
"or had some experiences which we'd prefer
"the whole world not know,
"but I'd like to have permission to just talk to him
"from time to time."
And he went ahead, gave the name of his superior,
what the purpose of it was,
and even named Project Blue Book,
which Project Blue Book had nothing to do with it.
But he went ahead, said,
"We'd just like to talk to him from time to time."
And he says, "I'll be the only one coming to have contact.
"From time to time, I may bring another person,
"but we need your permission because he's a child."
First, they were hesitant, and they said, "Well, okay."
So, from time to time, he'd come and visit me.
We'd talk about many things.
He even started to talk about my friends,
and I was wondering, "How do you know about my friends?"
He says, "Well, we have heard of such things before."
I said, "Well, you know, you can't see them."
And he says, "Well, I've seen a lot of things in my life."
Anyhow, in '68, when I first tried to go into the military,
I called and told him that I was enlisting in the Army,
and at that time, I found out he was supposedly killed
in a crash in a T-38.
Went, tried to get into the Army, I was medically rejected,
didn't get in.
That was in February of '68.
In late June,
I was called back 'cause they had the draft,
and every so often you had to go back to be reevaluated.
I knew I wasn't getting in,
but when I got to the AFEE station,
the Armed Forces Entrance Examination station,
I went in, once again, medically rejected,
but there was this doctor, a colonel,
visiting from Washington, D.C.
there at the Ashland AFEE station.
The captain told me, says, "Well,
"I'll get you in here shortly,
"we'll go over your medical results."
Says, "But you're going home."
The colonel steps up and tells the captain,
"You can take the rest of the afternoon off,
"I'll finish these up."
He called me in next,
bypassed two or three others and called me in,
talked to me about how patriotic I was,
did I really want to go,
was it just a facade, was I happy that I wasn't going?
These were the days that you had your heroes
like John Wayne,
Hoppalong Cassidy, and this guy was calling me a coward.
Coward I wasn't.
So I said, "If I could get in, I'd go."
And he says, "I'm gonna get you in.
"Remember, any time you don't want to be there,
"just bring up your medical condition, you're out."
I said, "Get me in, I won't get out."
So I got in,
and then there was trials and tribulations to see,
physically, whether I would really do that.
I had my hands tore up to where they were to the bone.
The intent was, that happening,
people who did that, that was a crime.
Well, would I be loyal enough
to go ahead and cover it up?
Or would I be angry enough to expose the ones
that did it, and get 'em court marshaled?
Well, I was loyal enough to cover it up.
I would not tell the truth, how it happened.
Even CID came over and asked,
and I told 'em I was just overzealous
and trying to get to where I could do better
on the horizontal ladder.
Two guys, next day, on a Saturday,
we had a little discussion,
and they decided that, if I would go ahead
and enlist for three more years,
and when I was needed, help them from time to time,
after all, the truth was coming out at the end of the year,
which was 1969.
The truth about what?
The truth about unidentified flying objects,
that they were going to be interplanetary.
And they were
going to share this with the public at large?
That was supposed to be coming out by the end of 1969.
So the fact that you had a little bit
of advanced knowledge, they might as well utilize you
in some capacity?
And they were gonna utilize me in some capacity.
Did they know that you had friends?
Yes.
They knew a whole lot about my life.
So they knew more than you would've actually
shared with them
I just didn't
know what what they were gonna do with that.
I was to learn later.
Let's cut right to what they ended up
doing with that.
They went ahead and got me involved where,
when I was needed, they would call me up,
then I'd be obliged to go.
I'd get a knock at the door sometimes.
Code word would be "Tobasco."
I had a BA-50 bag.
It had the change of uniforms, it had a .45 in there,
and it had the equipment that I needed.
I would grab that BA-50 bag,
I would go out in the waiting staff car,
go to wherever I was needed, a lot of times a staging area
close by, sometimes you'd have to get on a plane.
You'd kiss the wife and kids good-bye,
you didn't know if you'd ever see 'em again.
But everybody was exposed to the same thing.
And when they took you
to the staging ground or wherever you were taken,
what was the purpose of your being there?
You were going out to a site either to recover
debris of a UFO,
to recover a craft that has crashed.
My job was to do interfacing
if they had any survivors.
Because they knew of
your friendships with visitors from
childhood?
Right.
And so, this is telepathic communication
we're talking about?
Most of the times
and that's when it was needed.
And did this occur,
where you actually did have telepathic interface
with visitors upon demand?
Oh, yeah.
The entities would initiate it.
And sometimes, that'd be very emotional.
Now, this is not something
that happened often.
I heard you say in your talk that
these kinds of crash sites, that these things
don't happen often, but they did happen.
Oh, yeah, they happen.
You had a real job in the military.
And when these events happened, if you were in that area,
then you were called up.
There were people who, that was their sole purpose.
And these people would show up,
but they would be in total control.
You had other people who didn't have a clue
what was going on,
and those you felt sorry for,
because a lot of them didn't know how to deal with it.
So you were specifically utilized
by the crash retrieval,
was a division of some kind dealing with crash retrievals,
wasn't it?
Well, the operations that did the recoveries.
Let's talk about interfacing
with the others a little bit.
When you went ahead and you did the interfacing,
they'd go ahead, they'd talk directly to you.
When they would talk directly to you,
it'd be like,
you were hearing it not only in your head,
but in your ears also, but nobody else could hear it.
The end result is,
even more than that, you could feel the emotions
they were feeling.
I wanna rush through that because,
sometimes you could feel the fear or the pain,
you could feel the loss,
you could feel their fear of never seeing
their loved ones again.
See, we see them as cartoon characters.
They have societies, they have families.
They are more human than what we give them credit for.
I know that sounds crazy, but they are.
If we look for the similarities in them and us,
once that open,
that open contact takes place,
if we can look at the similarities between them and us,
it will make that first contact much easier.
Do you feel that that time
is actually nearing?
Oh, yeah.
Inevitably.
What are the indications to you
that we are going to be seeing some kind of disclosure?
Because there are things in and near our atmosphere
right now that we're never gonna be able to cover up
in the near future.
It's gonna be discovered by astronomers
who have no ties with federal government
or any other government,
and these people are gonna want
to make their findings known, not in the interest
of any government or prestige,
but to make it known in the interest of humanity.
Are you sharing something
that you know to be true?
You've gotten advanced
Oh, yes.
knowledge on this, so there are going to be some events
that are going to be occurring,
and it's going to be out of the hands of the military,
and out of the hands of Congress,
and this is going to be made public?
There's going to be
a contact event?
It's going to be so plain
that an even amateur astronomers are gonna be
picking up on it.
How far off are we looking at?
I can't even
speculate.
Hard to tell what time.
But soon, very near.
And what does that mean for you?
After everything you've been through,
what will that day mean for you?
Peace.
Thank you, Clifford.
Thank you, ma'am.
Over the next few months, we'll be talking
with other former military personnel who were also
privy to classified and confidential information
regarding the presence of ETs on earth,
a presence that is said to continue to this day.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(spacey music)